,Companies,Jobs,Locations,Easy_Apply,Rating,Summary
0,Seen by Indeed,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,,
1,Seen by Indeed,Data Warehouse Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,,
2,Horizontal,Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Data scientists use data and analytical ability to find and interpret rich data sources; manage large amounts of data despite hardware, software, and bandwidth…"
3,Perspecta,Jr. Data Scientist,"Loveland, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3," Strong skills in data manipulation, cleaning and exploratory analysis. Perspecta is currently seeking candidates for a Jr. Data Scientist."
4,Valen Analytics,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Effectively represent the Data Science group in a collaborative environment to execute on company goals. Data visualization software and tools.
5,Valen Analytics,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Troubleshoot basic data and data engineering issues. Develop technical solutions to improve data and data usage. Perform data cleansing and validation.
6,FourPoint Energy,Data Science Intern,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,5.0, Experience working with large data sets and data analytics. Intern will gain valuable Oil and Gas industry experience working to assist Data Science team with…
7,Pax8,Data Science Internship,"Greenwood Village, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Understanding, identifying, and locating the relevant data sources. Essential Responsibilities (includes, but is not limited to):"
8,Maxar Technologies,Data Science Intern,"Westminster, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Maxar is looking for a Data Science Intern, to join out 2020 Summer Internship Program, who is excited about working big corpuses of data and novel analytical…"
9,Deloitte,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0, The data scientist will also need to integrate data from disparate sources into an efficient and intuitive rational database structure.
10,Pricesenz,Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Easy Apply,, Data Science: 3 years (Preferred). Data scientists use data and analytical ability to find and interpret rich data sources; manage large amounts of data despite…
11,"Alteryx, Inc.",Data Science Journalist,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1, Some practical data science experience. Analyzing open source data to create practical examples that demonstrate data science techniques and concepts.
12,xentity corporation,Data Science Analyst,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.0, Data Engineer Tech – :Cleaning and Integrating Dirty Data. Could pass ad-hoc technical and whiteboard test given various data ETL and other patterns of real…
13,HP,Software Engineering Intern - Data Science AI/ML,"Fort Collins, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Bachelor’s Degree Candidate with a focus on computer engineering, computer science, or related technical field. Document and test new software applications."
14,LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION,"Systems Engineer, Cost and Data Analytics (early career)","Littleton, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1," Being detail oriented and enjoying analyzing detailed data. Analyst working on affordability analysis, life cycle cost, cost data analytics, forecasting cost…"
15,Payfone,Data Science Analyst,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5, Working knowledge of basic data science concepts such as: Synthesize data learnings into compelling stories and communicate to stakeholders.
16,US Department of the Interior,Librarian (Data Scientist) GS-0410-07 (RG-TP),"Lakewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.2," Coordinating implementation of protocols and procedures necessary for data management, data integration, publication of data and metadata, preserving and…"
17,Deloitte,"Lead, People Analytics-Data Science","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Locates and extract data from new data sources, finds new uses for existing data sources, structures and drives new data collection efforts, and provides…"
18,BPMLinks,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, MatLab, etc; Verify integrity of data used for analysis; Create automated anomaly detection systems."
19,The18,Data Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,, Participate in the implementation of a data management platform to organize and act on our cross-platform data. Experience with social data or media is a plus.
20,Perspecta,Jr. Data Scientist,"Loveland, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3," Strong skills in data manipulation, cleaning and exploratory analysis. Perspecta is currently seeking candidates for a Jr. Data Scientist."
21,Inscripta,"Senior Applications Scientist, Bioinformatics/Data Science","Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.0," Expertise in probability & statistics, machine learning, high dimensional and high throughput data analysis and fundamentals of data science, including data…"
22,Horizontal,Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Easy Apply,," Data scientists use data and analytical ability to find and interpret rich data sources; manage large amounts of data despite hardware, software, and bandwidth…"
23,Aegon,"Internship - Data Scientist, Denver CO (Summer 2020)","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Pursuing a Masters or PHD in computer science, machine learning, data science, mathematics, statistics, or a related quantitative field."
24,Transamerica,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, machine learning, data science, mathematics, statistics, or related quantitative field."
25,Viola AI,Data Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Viola AI is looking for experts in data science and machine learning. Python, R, and bash scripting is sufficient but we like to see skills in leveraging…"
26,Comcast,CCIP Intern- Data Scientist Anly Intern,"Centennial, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Constructing forecasts, recommendations and strategic/tactical plans based on applying data science techniques to business data."
27,Virta Health,Healthcare Data Analyst,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,5.0," Advanced degree (M.PH/M.S./PhD) in Data Science, Stats, or similar. 3-5 years in a Data Science, Analytics, BI or similar role."
28,Ibotta,Decision Scientist - Data & Media,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.5, Strong SQL and proven data wrangling skills. Become the go-to expert around client data questions and requests. Work to enhance and automate current processes.
29,Dataiku,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Co-develop data science projects with our customers. Provide data science expertise to customers and internally to Dataiku’s sales, marketing, and R&D teams."
30,City and County of Denver,Senior Data Engineer - Technology Services,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," Knowledge or interest in current events within the data science community including algorithms, predictive modeling, facial recognition, unstructured data…"
31,Kaiser Permanente,Data Engineer 1,"Greenwood Village, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.2," One (1) year experience in data modeling and analytics. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, CIS, or related field and Minimum three (3) years experience in…"
32,Nexthealth,Senior Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.3," Detailed knowledge of computer science including data structures, data modeling, distributed systems, and software design methods."
33,Vail Resorts,Principal Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0, Vail Resorts is looking to hire a Principal Data Scientist to join our Data Science team. This role will report directly into the Director of Data Science.
34,DISH,Data Scientist,"Englewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3, Great communication skills - someone who is passionate about evangelizing the value ofadvanced data science capabilities.
35,Denver Health,Data Scientist - Behavioral Health,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Bachelors in biostatistics, clinical science, computer science, public health, statistics, or disciplines which include application of statistical analysis and…"
36,"ArcherDX, INC.",Director of Data Science (Analytics) (ADX-234-19),"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Director of Data Science (Analytics) (ADX-234-19). Capitalize on opportunities to use data science approaches to generate new value from Archer’s data.
37,Rocky Mountain Institute,Data Scientist (Senior Associate) - Industry Program,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,4.7," An undergraduate degree in a quantitative subject such as computer science, mathematics, physics, statistics, or data science, and a strong track record of…"
38,Frontdoor,Head of Data Science,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Define data science strategy for Frontdoor. Build the Data Science function at Frontdoor. You interested in working at the intersection of applied quantitative…
39,GutCheck,Associate Research Science Analyst,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Apply (or grow, if necessary) your other data science knowledge (e.g., programming, machine learning, simulation, algorithms, data visualization) to the…"
40,Ball Aerospace,Data Scientist I (668421),"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Demonstrated capability of (end to end data project) generating or understanding a hypothesis, evaluating data needs and expectations; manipulating data to…"
41,Vertafore,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.2," As a data scientist at Vertafore, you will be responsible for finding signals in complex and industry-unique data sets, developing innovative data science…"
42,Pie Insurance,Predictive Modeling/Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Effectively represent the Data Science group in a collaborative environment to execute on company goals. Data visualization software and tools.
43,RiskMatch,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," As a data scientist at Vertafore, you will be responsible for finding signals in complex and industry-unique data sets, developing innovative data science…"
44,xentity corporation,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.0," Finally, our data science analysts will need to meet the following: Could pass ad-hoc technical and whiteboard test given various data ETL and other patterns of…"
45,GutCheck,Research Science Analyst,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Apply (or grow, if necessary) your other data science knowledge (e.g., programming, machine learning, simulation, algorithms, data visualization) to the…"
46,Vail Resorts,Senior Manager of Data Science,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0, Vail Resorts is looking to hire a Senior Manager of Data Science to join our Data Science team. This role will report directly into the Director of Data Science…
47,HP,Head of PS Artificial Intelligence & Data Science.,"Fort Collins, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Computer Science, Math, and/or Software Engineering background. The HP Personal Systems group is looking for an executive to drive our Artificial Intelligence…"
48,Unsupervised,Data Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,," Comfort writing end-to-end data science pipelines, taking raw data to models serving predictions. Academic background related to Data Science (degrees in…"
49,Decentrix,DATA SCIENTIST,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Advanced degree (Masters/PhD) in business analytics, data science, computer science, statistics, or an equivalent quantitative and technical discipline."
50,Medtronic,Principal Data Science Engineer,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," The Principal Data Science Engineer will focus on database development and integration, acting as a data creator and curator to support the data consumers."
51,University of Colorado,Research Associate - Data Scientist,"Aurora, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1," They will work with faculty to transfer data from the public repositories and organize these data to facilitate data analysis, develop analysis pipelines to…"
52,Valen Analytics,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Effectively represent the Data Science group in a collaborative environment to execute on company goals. Data visualization software and tools.
53,Aegon,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, machine learning, data science, mathematics, statistics, or related quantitative field."
54,Adswerve Inc,Senior Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," College degree, preferably in Computer Science, Data Science, Information Science - OR - equivalent experience in Data Science."
55,CitiusTech,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.9," Knowledge of databases, data modeling, data normalization etc. is a must. 7-10 years of experience in Data Analysis. Exposure to tools – SPSS, SAS, R, Python."
56,CenturyLink,Senior Manager Data Science,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5, The Field Operations & Network Implementation data science team identifies operational improvement opportunities to reduce costs and improve customer experience…
57,Charles Schwab,Data Engineer,"Lone Tree, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Designing, building and support data processing pipelines to transform data in Big Data or Teradata platforms. Your detailed duties would include:"
58,Ursus,Data Scientist Consultant,"Centennial, CO",Easy Apply,," Bachelors in a quantitative research field (e.g., Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science with focus on AI or Data…"
59,Perspecta,Jr. Data Scientist,"Loveland, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3," Strong skills in data manipulation, cleaning and exploratory analysis. Perspecta is currently seeking candidates for a Jr. Data Scientist."
60,Seen by Indeed,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,,
61,Seen by Indeed,Data Warehouse Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,,
62,Valen Analytics,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Troubleshoot basic data and data engineering issues. Develop technical solutions to improve data and data usage. Perform data cleansing and validation.
63,Ursus,Data Scientist Consultant,"Centennial, CO",Easy Apply,," Bachelors in a quantitative research field (e.g., Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science with focus on AI or Data…"
64,CitiusTech,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.9," Knowledge of databases, data modeling, data normalization etc. is a must. 7-10 years of experience in Data Analysis. Exposure to tools – SPSS, SAS, R, Python."
65,Dataiku,Data Science Pod Leader,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Dataiku’s Data Science team is responsible for delivering on that promise. Understanding of relational data structures and SQL. Bonus Points for any of these:
66,"Amazon Data Services, Inc.",Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," You will be responsible for build data science prototypes that optimize our power and thermal infrastructure, working across AWS to solve data mapping and…"
67,American Heart Association,Statistical Analyst,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Conducts data analysis with quantitative and qualitative data. Experience in Business Intelligence tools like Anteryx, Qlikview, Tableau and other data science…"
68,Cloud Agronomics,Lead Geospatial Data Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,," You hold at least a BSc in a quantitative field (agriculture science, computer science, mathematics, spatial statistics, remote sensing, or equivalent), with…"
69,SpotX,Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Easy Apply,4.1," Monitor, tune, and extend existing Data Science solutions/products. Join SpotX as a Data Scientist. Retrieve, clean, transform and overlay 3rd-party data."
70,NASDAQ,Software Engineer with Data Experience,"Lakewood, CO",Easy Apply,3.8, Some experience with Hadoop ecosystem OR cloud vendor data warehouse or data lake technologies. Big Data: 3 years (Required). Big Data Experience – 1+ years.
71,Astra LLC,Data Scientist / AI Specialist,"Louisville, CO",Easy Apply,," Applicants must be well versed in building and refining neural networks, developing machine learning models, application of cloud-based computing and data…"
72,Willis Towers Watson,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," University bachelor’s degree in data science, data analysis, statistics, applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, or any other related discipline;…"
73,Vail Resorts,Audience Management Analyst,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Collaborate with cross-functional teams, marketing channels, guest experience/insights research, and data science to build a cohesive and actionable customer…"
74,Panasonic Corporation of North America,Data Engineer Intern (Summer 2020),"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Work with Data Science and Deployment on new analytics data sources. Experience with data integration and data movement. What You’ll Get to Do:
75,Oracle,Python Software Engineer ( Data Engineer),"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Python Software Engineer ( Data Engineer)-1900192A. BS computer science or related field. Providing thought leadership in the implementation of data pipelines…
76,Oracle,Data Scientist Snr Manager,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, As a Senior Manager of Data Science you’ll be managing the implemention cutting edge machine learning and high performance computing methodologies at scale.
77,Kiewit Corporation,Analytics Engineer - Kiewit Data Services,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," You will interact with business stakeholders, data analysts, and IT resources, working to standardize our data and make this data more easily accessible."
78,Cognizant Technology Solutions,Data Center Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Enforce Data Center policies, guidelines, standards and procedures to keep the Data Center clean and organized while maintaining its showcase status."
79,Entercom Communications Corp.,Senior Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5, Experience with owning and delivering data science solutions for an entire business application. The Data team is an elite team of data and marketing strategy…
80,Sense Corp,Snowflake Data Scientist,Colorado,Easy Apply,3.6," Expertise in R or Python (including importing/exporting data, data wrangling/transformations, model building, and data visualization)."
81,CenturyLink,Senior Manager Data Science,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5, The Field Operations & Network Implementation data science team identifies operational improvement opportunities to reduce costs and improve customer experience…
82,Cake,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.4," As a member of the Cake Data Science Team you will be responsible for data management tasks including design, development, and data security in a Google Cloud…"
83,Digital Partners,Data Analyst,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Bachelor’s or master’s degree in applied mathematics or data science. Ability to use advanced techniques to handle big data with structured and unstructured…
84,National Renewable Energy Laboratory,Postdoctoral Researcher - Data Science for Materials,"Golden, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Postdoctoral Researcher - Data Science for Materials. The Data, Analysis and Visualization Group in the NREL Computational Science Center has an opening for a…"
85,xentity corporation,Data Analyst,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.0," Could pass ad-hoc technical and whiteboard test given various data ETL and other patterns of real-time, large data, data cleanup, etc. scenarios."
86,"ArcherDX, INC.",Software Developer/Data Engineer (ADX-98-19),"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Become familiar with and employ industry-leading data standards, striving for findable, accessible, interoperable, and reusable data."
87,Compassion International,Principal Data Scientist,"Colorado Springs, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.3," Fifteen years Professional experience working in market research, statistical analysis, business intelligence or similar field, involving data modeling, data…"
88,Kaiser Permanente,"Data Analytics, Senior Analyst","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.2, EMC Data Science Associate (EMCDSA). Prepares data for analytic efforts by integrating and consolidating data; ensuring data quality and accuracy; profiling…
89,CitiusTech,Lead Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.9," CitiusTech's data science approach is based on 3 focus areas: Model Development - Data pre-processing, data quality improvement and data mining for the…"
90,ShaleApps,Data Scientist – Logistics Optimization Algorithms,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.3," You will get to work directly with our data science driven CEO, and a very strong team of data scientists and software engineers in defining the frontier of…"
91,UPMC,Director Integrated Data Science,"Loveland, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Demonstrated knowledge of programming expertise necessary to support data modeling. Demonstrated knowledge of advanced modeling techniques, including data…"
92,Cloud Agronomics,Machine Learning Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,, Experience working with remote sensing and/or geospatial data. Leverage cloud-based technologies to collate and pre-process model input data.
93,ICF,Data Engineer,"Golden, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," Perform hands on data research to provide insights and uncover potential data issues. Design and code workflows, create database releases, and optimize…"
94,JP Morgan Chase,Data Center Operations Engineer II,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," As a Data Center Operations Engineer II (Associate), your mission is to support the day-to-day technology operations of JPMorgan Chase mission critical data…"
95,"Terumo BCT, Inc.",Data Scientist,"Lakewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," Applied understanding of data science process, ETL, data enrichment, and data discovery processes. Exposure to/ understanding of data architecture, warehouses…"
96,DaVita,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," Work collaboratively with data scientists, actuaries, data analysts, clinicians, and operators to identify opportunities to create value through advanced…"
97,Vertafore,Sr. Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.2," As a data scientist at Vertafore, you will be responsible for finding signals in complex and industry-unique data sets, developing innovative data science…"
98,Pinnacol Assurance,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.1," As a member of the Cake Data Science Team you will be responsible for data management tasks including design, development, and data security in a Google Cloud…"
99,IHS Markit,2020 Graduate Program – Analyst –Research Analyst,"Englewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," At the heart of IHS Markit, we are an information company. Eligibility: Our next Graduate Program launches in 2020. As part of this role you will:"
100,OneDigital,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.4, The Data Scientist will help the company interpret and manage data and solve complex problems using expertise in a variety of data niches.
101,Crocs,Sr. Data Engineer,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Interest and desire in the area of data science and machine learning. Crocs is seeking a Senior Data Engineer to develop, test, and maintain data pipelines and…"
102,RiskMatch,Sr. Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," As a data scientist at Vertafore, you will be responsible for finding signals in complex and industry-unique data sets, developing innovative data science…"
103,Booz Allen Hamilton,"Data Scientist, Senior","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Knowledge of data science tools and concepts. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges."
104,Decentrix,DATA ENGINEER,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, The experience in the design of data storage and data transformation processes to leverage and analyze complex data relationships.
105,AdAction Interactive,Product Analyst,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.5, Own and perform analytics and reporting as it pertains to product in collaboration with the Data Science team. Understand product vision and strategy.
106,Sovrn Holdings,"Sr. Software Engineer, Data Boulder","Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.1," Partner with application development, data science, and external data partners to enable business deliverables. The successful candidate will have:"
107,Charles Schwab Inc.,Data Engineer,"Lone Tree, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Designing, building and support data processing pipelines to transform data in Big Data or Teradata platforms. Your detailed duties would include:"
108,Honey,Senior Data Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,3.7," Experience with data science workflow, from data cleaning and EDA, to feature engineering and model building, on real-world business datasets."
109,JumpCloud,Data Analyst - Sales & Marketing,"Louisville, CO",Easy Apply,, Demonstrated experience communicating the results of complex business intelligence or data science projects to non-technical business stakeholders.
110,HP,Software Engineer Internship for Workstations for Data Science Tools,"Fort Collins, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0, Work with a team to understand Data Science workflows within an edge compute environment. This internship will design and deploy a data science tools used to…
111,Xavient Information Systems,Sr. Software Engineer/ Data Engineer,"Greenwood Village, CO",Easy Apply,3.6," Deploy Enterprise data-oriented solutions leveraging Data Warehouse, Big Data and Machine Learning frameworks. Job title: Sr. Software Engineer/ Data Engineer*."
112,SolSpec,Data Engineer,"Lakewood, CO",Easy Apply,," As such, SolSpec is searching for a Data Engineer that is well-versed in application development, integration, and familiar with performance optimization."
113,Valen Analytics,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Troubleshoot basic data and data engineering issues. Develop technical solutions to improve data and data usage. Perform data cleansing and validation.
114,CBRE,Lead Data Center Building Engineer,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Supervise and direct Technical Team staff on shift and monitor performance of assigned responsibilities. Perform and/or direct the performance of all Technical…
115,Horizontal,Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Data scientists use data and analytical ability to find and interpret rich data sources; manage large amounts of data despite hardware, software, and bandwidth…"
116,Charles Schwab,Data Engineer,"Lone Tree, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Designing, building and support data processing pipelines to transform data in Big Data or Teradata platforms. Your detailed duties would include:"
117,Valen Analytics,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Effectively represent the Data Science group in a collaborative environment to execute on company goals. Data visualization software and tools.
118,Seen by Indeed,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,,
119,Verizon,Principal Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Big Data, data analysis, log mining, and automated reporting. ETL or Data cleansing & normalizing. Design, build and support data processing pipelines and APIs."
120,Seen by Indeed,Data Warehouse Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,,
121,Perspecta,Jr. Data Scientist,"Loveland, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3," Strong skills in data manipulation, cleaning and exploratory analysis. Perspecta is currently seeking candidates for a Jr. Data Scientist."
122,Valen Analytics,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Effectively represent the Data Science group in a collaborative environment to execute on company goals. Data visualization software and tools.
123,Valen Analytics,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Troubleshoot basic data and data engineering issues. Develop technical solutions to improve data and data usage. Perform data cleansing and validation.
124,Ursus,Data Scientist Consultant,"Centennial, CO",Easy Apply,," Bachelors in a quantitative research field (e.g., Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science with focus on AI or Data…"
125,Horizontal,Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Data scientists use data and analytical ability to find and interpret rich data sources; manage large amounts of data despite hardware, software, and bandwidth…"
126,Charles Schwab,Data Engineer,"Lone Tree, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Designing, building and support data processing pipelines to transform data in Big Data or Teradata platforms. Your detailed duties would include:"
127,Oracle,Principal Data Engineer & DBA,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Working knowledge of data analysis / data science. MS in Computer Science or Data Engineering. Experience in developing data architectures.
128,Sambasafety,Data Engineer,"Greenwood Village, CO",Easy Apply,3.2, Implement data solutions using scalable cloud-based data services and pipelines. Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple…
129,Proofpoint,Software Engineer (Data),"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Experience working with both structured and unstructured data sets. Bachelor Degree or higher in Computer Science or relevant Engineering/Science discipline.
130,Seagate Technology,Data Scientist - Senior,"Longmont, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Ability to deploy data science solutions in cloud analytics infrastructure, and AWS. Solid technical knowledge and hands-on skills in machine learning, deep…"
131,xentity corporation,GIS Analyst,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.0," We are looking for GIS-specific data analysts , data wranglers, data scientists with excellent leadership, technical, and subject matter expertise qualities."
132,SonderMind,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,, The Data Engineer will utilize modern principles and methodologies to maintain our data warehouse and making sure that all data relevant to our core business is…
133,Hyperia,Software Engineer - AI / Machine Learning,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Interest in mathematics, data science, big data, or web crawling. You will work with and be mentored in a variety of AI/ML technologies, construct data…"
134,Tucows,Data Center Engineer,"Centennial, CO",Not Easy Apply,2.2," Develop and execute detailed data center relocation, consolidation and expansion project plans. Develop detailed data center standards and associated…"
135,"Amazon.com Services, Inc.",Software Engineer - Big Data,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," Computer Science fundamentals in data structures. Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design. Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design,…"
136,Horizontal,Python Data Engineer,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,," As a data engineer, your general responsibilities will include bolting together the core components of our platform that allow us to interact with utility…"
137,ServiceSource,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5, The Data Engineer will be responsible for building end-to-end data integration solutions that process Client system data to internal ServiceSource systems.
138,ClientSolv Technologies,Data Engineer/Developer,"Englewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," You will be responsible to design Data warehouse using Big data technology. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field."
139,LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION,Systems Engineer - Configuration & Data Management,"Littleton, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1," Knowledge of and/or experience with Data Management: scheduling, tracking and submitting data, and working with data repositories."
140,KPMG,Data Scientist - Tax Ignition,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," MS or BS in Computer Science, Applied Statistics, Engineering, Science or other quantitative discipline with specialization and experience in Artificial…"
141,National Renewable Energy Laboratory,Postdoctoral Researcher - Data Science for Systems Analysis,"Golden, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Postdoctoral Researcher - Data Science for Systems Analysis. The Data, Analysis and Visualization Group in the NREL Computational Science Center has an opening…"
142,Booz Allen Hamilton,"Data Analyst, Mid","Buckley AFB, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, 3+ years of experience as a data analyst or data scientist. Ability to manipulate and exploit data from structured and unstructured data sources.
143,CACI,"Front-End, Back-End, Fullstack Developers & Data Scientist / Researchers - Cleared OR CLEARABLE (Up to 25% Profit Sharing Benefit!)","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related major. We are seeking Cleared or clearable Front-End, Back-End, Fullstack Developers & Data Scientist…"
144,"OneCloud Consulting, Inc.",Data Center Network Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Expert knowledge of Cisco networking technologies, including Cisco Nexus and ACI and the ability support data, virtualization and storage infrastructures."
145,T. Rowe Price,Data Analyst,"Colorado Springs, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," College degree and 3+ years of experience in Data Science, Operations Management, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Systems or related degrees and…"
146,CirrusMD,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Building and optimizing data pipelines, architectures and data sets. Automating and optimizing ingestion of outside data from customers."
147,GHX,US Contractor - Data Engineer (Big Data),"Louisville, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3, We are looking for an Experienced Data Engineer for a 6-month contract (possibility to extend or convert to FTE) to join our new Data Organization.
148,Rentokil North America,Senior Data Analyst,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3, Must have a Bachelor’s Degree in data science or a related field or three years progressive experience in a data analysis role. Developing the reports in Qlik.
149,Western Union,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Join Western Union as a Data Engineer! You will provide technical data and system support to the Global Compliance Risk Modeling Team.
150,Tax Guard,Data Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,, Ensure alignment of Data Science initiatives with Company objectives. Translate data science terminology and opportunities into product requirements.
151,DISH,Senior Data Scientist,"Englewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3, Great communication skills - someone who is passionate about evangelizing the value of advanced data science capabilities.
152,Pearson,Machine Learning Engineer,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," + Expert grasp of Computer Science/Engineering including data structures, data modeling, algorithms, distributed systems and software design."
153,CBRE,HVAC Building Engineer - Data Center,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," HVAC Building Engineer - Data Center. Operates, inspects, and maintains mechanical and electrical control equipment for Data Center/Commercial HVAC DX & Split…"
154,Quotient Technology Inc.,Strategy and Insights Analyst,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Analyze multiple data sets including proprietary first and second party data as well as syndicated data to develop use cases for clients.
155,Fanatics Inc.,Senior Data Engineer,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," These streams will power Data Science, BI & Site optimizations. Work with data engineers to create services that can ingest and supply data to and from external…"
156,BOEING,Operations Research Analyst 3,"Englewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," 2+ years Operations Research, Data Scientist or related experience, and an advanced degree in in Operations Research, Data Science, or related disciplines."
157,LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION,Data Center Hardware Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1, Basic understanding of Data Center Architecture. Basic understanding of network and data cabling. RFID asset tagging and management of all data center hardware.
158,Transamerica,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," Partner with data scientists, analytics engagement managers, and other data engineers to discover, collect, cleanse, and refine the data needed for analysis and…"
159,Slalom Consulting,Practice Area Lead - Machine Learning - Data & Analytics,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Expert in cloud-based engineering, data science, and agile delivery. Slalom Build is a highly-scalable, high-velocity technology group with a passion for proven…"
160,Neya Systems LLC,Machine Learning and Computer Vision Engineer (multiple levels),"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Experience with sensor data processing, environment modeling, large-scale point-cloud processing. Bachelors, Masters or Ph.D. in Robotics, Computer Science,…"
161,Spectrum,Network Engineer II - Data Center,"Greenwood Village, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," At least two (2 years of Data network experience. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field and/or equivalent work experience."
162,Charles Schwab,Data Engineer,"Lone Tree, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Designing, building and support data processing pipelines to transform data in Big Data or Teradata platforms. Your detailed duties would include:"
163,"Blue Moon Digital, Inc.",BI Analyst,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,, We are data nerds with marketing souls! Develop engaging and compelling data visualizations. Strong knowledge and application of data literacy.
164,CenturyLink,Senior Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," The Data Scientist proactively identifies meaningful insights by executing data discovery, exploratory data analysis, and iteratively developing predictive and…"
165,"Amazon.com Services, Inc.",Sr. Data Engineer - Analytics,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," Experience with data modeling, data warehousing, and building ETL pipelines. Proven track record of successful communication of data infrastructure, data models…"
166,University of Colorado,Health Data Engineer/Architect,"Aurora, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1," This may include data acquisition, processing workflows, tool development, data management and curation, data discovery, data integration and person level…"
167,CBRE,Data Center Building Engineer,"Colorado Springs, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Utilizes advanced skills to perform complex preventive maintenance and corrective repair of buildings, industrial systems, vehicles, equipment and grounds."
168,SpotX,Senior Data Applications Engineer,"Broomfield, CO",Easy Apply,4.1, The Senior Data Applications Engineer is responsible for building data applications and leveraging our big data systems to provide internal and external…
169,ICR,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," Masters Degree or PhD in Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Computer Science, or Data Science. Proficient in Python, R, Matlab, Lua, or other data science…"
170,Kiewit Corporation,Sr. Analytics Engineer - Kiewit Data Services,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," You will interact with business stakeholders, data analysts, and IT resources, working to standardize our data and make this data more easily accessible."
171,Aegon,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Partner with data scientists, analytics engagement managers, and other data engineers to discover, collect, cleanse, and refine the data needed for analysis and…"
172,KPMG,"Associate, Data Engineer","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Shine. Digital Lighthouse houses KPMG's specialized capabilities across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software…"
173,CenturyLink,Lead Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," The Data Scientist proactively identifies meaningful insights by executing data discovery, exploratory data analysis, and iteratively developing predictive and…"
174,Seagate Technology,Business Data Scientist – Sr. Staff,"Longmont, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Higher education degree in Economics, Business, Operations Research, Data Science, Statistics or Computer Science. About the role – you will:"
175,Seagate Technology,Data Scientist - Quality/Reliability - Staff level,"Longmont, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Advanced degree in Data Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or related field. Writing complex SQL and understanding data models within a data…"
176,Viola AI,Data Architect/Engineer,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Viola AI is looking for a seasoned backend data architect in the sense of plumbing together fault tolerant big data systems and hosting topologically stable…
177,Ursus,Data Scientist Consultant,"Centennial, CO",Easy Apply,," Bachelors in a quantitative research field (e.g., Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science with focus on AI or Data…"
178,Horizontal,Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Data scientists use data and analytical ability to find and interpret rich data sources; manage large amounts of data despite hardware, software, and bandwidth…"
179,Seen by Indeed,Data Warehouse Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,,
180,Perspecta,Jr. Data Scientist,"Loveland, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3," Strong skills in data manipulation, cleaning and exploratory analysis. Perspecta is currently seeking candidates for a Jr. Data Scientist."
181,Valen Analytics,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Effectively represent the Data Science group in a collaborative environment to execute on company goals. Data visualization software and tools.
182,Valen Analytics,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Troubleshoot basic data and data engineering issues. Develop technical solutions to improve data and data usage. Perform data cleansing and validation.
183,Spire,Statistical Data Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,," Applicants must have either a MS or PhD degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or Atmospheric Science or equivalent working experience…"
184,Bank of America,Data Engineer Cyber Security,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," 5-7 years of experience with information security, data analysis or application development. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent or…"
185,BryterCX,Sr. Data Engineer,"Greenwood Village, CO",Easy Apply,," Experience with analytics, time-series data, optimization, and creating pipelines for analytics tools and data science is required."
186,Datalere,Data Engineer (Mid and Senior),"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Data Engineers analyze and develop on-premises and/or cloud data and ETL solutions to solve the client's challenges. Data Engineer, Mid to Senior Level."
187,SoundHound Inc.,Machine Learning Engineer - Acoustic Modeling,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,, MS / PhD in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering or Statistics or equivalent. Apply deep learning techniques and neural networks to improve acoustic…
188,General Assembly,Part-time Data Science Instructor,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.3," You have at least 2 years of industry experience with data science (prior teaching experience a plus). Teach two 3-hour classes per week, for 11 weeks."
189,SoundHound Inc.,Machine Learning Engineer - Language Modeling,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,, BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent. This is a fantastic opportunity to join the core group working on Speech Recognition at SoundHound.
190,MeetingOne,Data Engineer - Node,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.3," Data Engineer – Node [Denver, CO]. Required: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience. What does success look like?"
191,"Digital Assets Data, Inc.",Data Architect/Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Build real-time, high throughput data ingestion pipelines that optimize the consumption experience for our customers and data scientists."
192,"ViewRay, Inc.",Software Engineer – Patient Data Interoperability,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,, Job Title: Software Engineer – Patient Data Interoperability. Support patient data interoperability between the MRIDian system and customer information systems.
193,BPMLinks,Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Awareness or Experience with big data tools (Hadoop, HDFS & Spark, Map Reduce). Use machine learning, data mining, predictive modelling & statistical techniques…"
194,Rentokil Steritech,Senior Data Analyst,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.4, Must have a Bachelor’s Degree in data science or a related field or three years progressive experience in a data analysis role. Developing the reports in Qlik.
195,Deloitte,Senior Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0, Experience with end-to-end Data Science solutions such as H2O Driverless or Data Robot. A deep interest in Data Science and AI. What you will be doing.
196,"Amazon.com Services, Inc.",Machine Learning Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6, Our robots have run thousands of miles in factories and warehouses providing large amounts of data used for training and validation.
197,SpotX,Principal Data Applications Engineer,"Broomfield, CO",Easy Apply,4.1, Loading disparate data sets and performing analysis of vast data stores. The Principal Data Applications Engineer is responsible for building data applications…
198,Amazon.com Services LLC,Sr. Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," Strong communication and data presentation skills. BS in computer science, engineering, or related technical/scientific field."
199,Proofpoint,Senior Software Engineer (Data),"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Experience working with both structured and unstructured data sets. Bachelor Degree or higher in Computer Science or relevant Engineering/Science discipline.
200,Josh.ai,Machine Learning/AI Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,, Four year college degree or equivalent in Computer Science. What we are looking for: Talented software engineers with a passion for innovation and problem…
201,CapTech Consulting,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.4," Extract data from multiple sources, integrate disparate data into a common data model, and integrate data into a target database, application, or file using…"
202,Flexential,Marketing Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.3," Bachelor’s Degree in finance, analytics, data science or a related field of study. Database Technology: Competently and independently navigate relational data…"
203,SoundHound Inc.,"Research Engineer, Machine Learning","Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Experience handling large data corpora. MS / PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics or equivalent. 2+ years of industry experience."
204,KPMG,"Associate, Big Data Software Engineer","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Shine. Digital Lighthouse houses KPMG's specialized capabilities across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software…"
205,Booz Allen Hamilton,"Overhead Persistent Infrared Mission Data Processing Engineer, Senior","Aurora, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," 5 years of experience with overhead persistent infrared (OPIR) mission requirements, concepts of operations (CONOPS), mission data processing systems, and…"
206,InVision,Senior Data Scientist - Sales,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.4," You will be embedded in our very data driven and data hungry Sales & Customer Facing Team to identify key metrics, conduct deep and rigorous analysis, and…"
207,ITmPowered,Tableau Developer Data Engineer (BHJOB22048_585),"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Understand technical data sources, data structures, data quality and necessary transformations to aggregate, enrich, validate, and publish data."
208,Brandfolder,Marketing Analyst Intern,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,, Work with our data science team to build useful dashboards with SQL. Assist sales and marketing operations with data requests.
209,Pearson,Software Engineer - Data & Analytics,"Centennial, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," + Will work with Big data technologies that deals with large scale distributed data processing. + Good foundation in computer science, with strong competencies…"
210,"Koniag, Inc.",Network Engineer - Data,"Fort Collins, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6, The Network Engineer will participate and lead technical reviews and will support deployment and maintenance of existing and new Infrastructure used to deliver…
211,Twitter,Software Engineer - Site Reliability Engineer - Data Enterprise & Solutions,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1, You have a B.S. in computer science or similar field or equivalent experience. We are looking for a Site Reliability Engineer to support our Data Enterprise &…
212,University of Colorado Boulder,Open Faculty Position in Computer Science Machine Learning,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.2," For more information about the Department of Computer Science, please visit: http://www.colorado.edu/cs. The positions will be rostered in the Department of…"
213,Ibotta,Senior Decision Scientist - Product,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.5," Proven expertise with SQL, data wrangling, statistics, and analytical skills. Experience using modern data analysis tools (such as R and Python) is required."
214,Havenly,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,2.2, Partner with the Data Science team to provide data infrastructure for a variety of projects including ETLs to the data warehouse powering the BI of Havenly.
215,SoundHound Inc.,Machine Learning Scientist - Natural Language Processing,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Ph.D in Computer Science, Computational Linguistics or related fields. This is a fantastic opportunity to join the core group working on Speech Recognition at…"
216,SiriusXM,Senior Software Engineer - Data,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," At Pandora the data platform team supports a variety of business functions including our science, marketing, product, finance and sales teams."
217,Booz Allen Hamilton,"SIGINT Intelligence Analyst, Mid","Buckley AFB, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," You’ll gain an understanding of various collection platforms as you explore new data sources, craft effective queries, and combine information from disparate…"
218,Accenture,Data Engineer Consultant,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Gather, engineer, and prepare data to help clients make smarter decisions. Building and delivering Google Cloud Platform (GCP) infrastructure and solutions to…"
219,FullContact,"Senior Data Engineer, Identity Resolution","Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.9," Process large amounts of data leveraging big data technologies such as Spark, Kafka and more. This involves integrating data sets, developing our patented…"
220,KPMG,"Manager, Data Scientist, Natural Language Processing (NLP)","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Work with clients to discover data sources, and create data requests; Lead the ETL process to ingest structured data and annotation processes to enrich…"
221,Qwinix,Data Engineer Developer (2),"Englewood, CO",Easy Apply,," Solid hands experience on Big Data Technology Stack (Hadoop, Spark, Kafka). 5+ yrs of Experience working on data warehouse design (e.g. star schemas) at an…"
222,Booz Allen Hamilton,"Data Modeler Intelligence Analyst, Mid","Buckley AFB, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Ability to collaborate with intelligence analysts and collection managers to innovate and develop data science approaches to enable mission operations.
223,Pilgrim's,DATA SCIENTIST MANAGER,"Greeley, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5, Three or more years of Data Science experience preferred. Evaluate data providers and evaluated data itself and the data analytical tools & Technology like for…
224,Horizontal,DevOPs Data Engineer,"Centennial, CO",Easy Apply,, Evangelist for data engineering and data science cross-functionally. Prior experience extracting data disconnected data repositories.
225,ReCharge Payments,Senior Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," As a Senior Data Engineer, you will own and architect Recharge's data landscape. Develop modern data architectural approaches for business intelligence…"
226,Booz Allen Hamilton,Intelligence Plans Support Analyst,"Colorado Springs, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Using your comprehensive understanding of various collection platforms, you’ll explore new data sources, build effective queries, and combine information from…"
227,FullContact,Sr. Software Engineer - Data Platform,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.9," Process large amounts of data leveraging Big Data Tech (Cassandra, Spark, Kafka and more). Aggregate and normalize dirty contact-centric data."
228,Accenture,Google Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Minimum pf 3 years of experience in developing data ingestion, data processing and analytical pipelines for big data, relational databases, NoSQL, data lake and…"
229,CBRE,"Lead Building Engineer, Data Center","Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Supervise and direct Technical Team staff on shift and monitor performance of assigned responsibilities. Perform and/or direct the performance of all Technical…
230,CACI,Data Scientist/Researcher* (Up to 25% Profit Sharing Benefit!),"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Responsible for design analysis, problem solving/trouble shooting, determining and implementing solutions to a variety of challenging data science problems."
231,CBRE,Lead Data Center Building Engineer,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Supervise and direct Technical Team staff on shift and monitor performance of assigned responsibilities. Perform and/or direct the performance of all Technical…
232,University of Colorado Boulder,CIRES/NOAA PSD Post-Doc in Machine Learning for Improved Weather Forecasts,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.2," Experience in ensemble forecasting, data assimilation, and machine learning. The Postdoc will work with world leaders in data assimilation and ensemble…"
233,CenturyLink,Senior Manager Data Science,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5, The Field Operations & Network Implementation data science team identifies operational improvement opportunities to reduce costs and improve customer experience…
234,Charles Schwab,Data Engineer,"Lone Tree, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Designing, building and support data processing pipelines to transform data in Big Data or Teradata platforms. Your detailed duties would include:"
235,Seen by Indeed,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,,
236,"Amazon Data Services, Inc.",Business Intelligence / Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," 5+ year experience with Data modeling, SQL, ETL , Data Warehousing and Datalakes. The Business Intelligence Data Engineer will:"
237,Proofpoint,Senior Software Engineer (Data),"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Experience working with both structured and unstructured data sets. Bachelor Degree or higher in Computer Science or relevant Engineering/Science discipline.
238,KPMG,"Manager, Data Scientist, Natural Language Processing (NLP)","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Work with clients to discover data sources, and create data requests; Lead the ETL process to ingest structured data and annotation processes to enrich…"
239,National Renewable Energy Laboratory,Building Data Scientist III,"Golden, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Experience with data modeling and data exchange formats, especially XSD. Data science experience with related frameworks such as pyTorch, TensorFlow, scikit…"
240,KPMG,"Associate, Big Data Software Engineer","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Shine. Digital Lighthouse houses KPMG's specialized capabilities across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software…"
241,Verizon,Principal Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Big Data, data analysis, log mining, and automated reporting. ETL or Data cleansing & normalizing. Design, build and support data processing pipelines and APIs."
242,SoundHound Inc.,"Research Engineer, Machine Learning","Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Experience handling large data corpora. MS / PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics or equivalent. 2+ years of industry experience."
243,PENSCO,Business Intelligence Developer/Analyst,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Collect and extract data from data repositories for reporting, using querying techniques. Superior leadership abilities, as well as ability to work with team…"
244,ReCharge Payments,Senior Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," As a Senior Data Engineer, you will own and architect Recharge's data landscape. Develop modern data architectural approaches for business intelligence…"
245,SiriusXM,Senior Software Engineer - Data,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6," At Pandora the data platform team supports a variety of business functions including our science, marketing, product, finance and sales teams."
246,"Amazon.com Services, Inc.",Senior Machine Learning Applied Scientist,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6, Design and analyze data from large-scale online experiments in order to validate prototype models. Develop new techniques to process large data sets and…
247,CenturyLink,Lead Operations Analyst,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," Background in data science preferred. Experience with data mining, JSON, Oracle, MySQL, AVAYA, RX, Linux and BI Tools."
248,ThinkDeeply Inc.,Consulting Staff Engineer - Machine Learning,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Some experience in setting up large scale training data pipelines. Collect, Organize and Process data pipelines for developing ML models."
249,JumpCloud,"Principal Software Engineer, Data Engineering","Louisville, CO",Easy Apply,," This Data Engineering team is tasked with managing and organizing our business product data. Lead data engineering team to design and implement data stores,…"
250,CBRE,"Lead Building Engineer, Data Center","Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Supervise and direct Technical Team staff on shift and monitor performance of assigned responsibilities. Perform and/or direct the performance of all Technical…
251,University of Colorado Boulder,CIRES/NOAA PSD Post-Doc in Machine Learning for Improved Weather Forecasts,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.2," Experience in ensemble forecasting, data assimilation, and machine learning. The Postdoc will work with world leaders in data assimilation and ensemble…"
252,Comcast,Senior Data Engineer,"Englewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Telecommunications experience Knowledge of Telecommunication/Cable billing, customer care systems, marketing data, customer data and privacy data."
253,ATN International,Network Data Engineer,"Castle Rock, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.2, ATN International is looking for an experienced Network Data Engineer in a service provider environment that is customer focused to join the team!
254,National Renewable Energy Laboratory,Postdoctoral Researcher - Machine Learning and Electronic Structure Modeling for Simulation of Complex Energy Materials and Electrocatalysts,"Golden, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Must be a recent PhD in Physics, Materials Science, Chemistry or a related and have graduated within the last three years."
255,LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION,Test Instrumentation and Data Acquisition Engineer,"Littleton, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1, Experience with data manipulation in Matlab and Excel very valuable; structured programming experience desired. Summary of Key Duties for this position:
256,CBRE,Sr Building Engineer (Electrician) - Data Center,"Aurora, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Proven track record leading a team of electricians in a 24x7 Data Center environment. Performs complex preventive and corrective maintenance, repairs and…"
257,Pearson,Software Engineer - Data & Analytics,"Centennial, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," + Will work with Big data technologies that deals with large scale distributed data processing. + Good foundation in computer science, with strong competencies…"
258,Seagate Technology,Business Data Scientist – Sr. Staff,"Longmont, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Higher education degree in Economics, Business, Operations Research, Data Science, Statistics or Computer Science. About the role – you will:"
259,SoundHound Inc.,Machine Learning Engineer - Language Modeling,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,, BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent. This is a fantastic opportunity to join the core group working on Speech Recognition at SoundHound.
260,CBRE,Lead Data Center Building Engineer,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Supervise and direct Technical Team staff on shift and monitor performance of assigned responsibilities. Perform and/or direct the performance of all Technical…
261,CenturyLink,SR LEAD DATA SCIENTIST,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," Degree in Math, Computer Science, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Statistics or other quantitative discipline. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and…"
262,University of Colorado Boulder,CIRES/ EARTH LAB Machine Learning Applications to Earth Observations of Natural Hazards Post-Doc,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.2," Demonstrated contributions to open science (i.e., publicly available and/or reproducible data, code, workflows, and/or tools) or willingness to contribute to…"
263,Horizontal,Data Platform Sr. Software Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Staff Software Engineer - Data Platform. BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering or Math is preferred. Good security practices and experience writing code that…"
264,National Renewable Energy Laboratory,Principal Researcher in Data Science for Power Systems (E6),"Golden, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," Strong data science, and/or computational analysis expertise. Principal Researcher in Data Science for Power Systems (E6)."
265,xentity corporation,GIS Support Analyst/Developer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,4.0," Could pass ad-hoc technical and whiteboard test given various either application root cause analysis or data ETL and other patterns of large data, data cleanup,…"
266,CACI,Data Engineer (Up to 25% Profit Sharing Benefit!),"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Work with external data providers and stakeholders to engineer the ingest of and distribution of mission-relevant data feeds into the FADE data ecosystem.
267,Comcast,"Comcast Business Analyst 3, Enterprise Data & Analytics","Centennial, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Master’s in a quantitative discipline such as data science, statistics, economics, psychology, engineering, marketing, computer science, mathematics, or finance…"
268,Booz Allen Hamilton,"SIGINT Intelligence Analyst, Mid","Buckley AFB, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," You’ll gain an understanding of various collection platforms as you explore new data sources, craft effective queries, and combine information from disparate…"
269,Oracle,Oracle Data Cloud (ODC) - Security Engineer,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Oracle Data Cloud (ODC) - Security Engineer-19001FP1. No Visa Sponsorship is available for this position. ODC is looking for a jack of all trades and hands on…
270,TTEC,Senior Big Data Engineer,"Englewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5, Senior Big Data Engineer-Remote/ Telecommute. Master’s in computer science or equivalent with at least 5 years of relevant experience in big data ecosystem.
271,Bank of America,Data Engineer Cyber Security,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," 5-7 years of experience with information security, data analysis or application development. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent or…"
272,Spectrum,Network Engineer II - Data Center,"Greenwood Village, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," At least two (2 years of Data network experience. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field and/or equivalent work experience."
273,Wikimedia Foundation,"Engineering Manager, Machine Learning","Denver, CO",Easy Apply,3.9, Significant experience working with data infrastructure and distributed systems at scale. BS in Computer Science or other relevant technical field or the…
274,Ball Aerospace,Senior Engineer – Mission Data Analysis Engineer (669033),"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Mentor junior engineers in mission data analysis. Senior Engineer – Mission Data Analysis Engineer. Candidate should have proven experience in performing…
275,Ball Aerospace,Command & Data Handling Subsystem Engineer I (668553),"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, TT&C / Command & Data Handling Engineer I. This position is for an engineer who can work within the Command & Data Handling (CDH) subsystem team to support the…
276,Sunrun,Sr. Software Engineer- Data Platform,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.4," Staff Software Engineer - Data Platform. BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering or Math is preferred. Good security practices and experience writing code that…"
277,"Alteryx, Inc.",Engineering Team Lead - Machine Learning Tools,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1," Alteryx is revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business…"
278,Comcast,Data Center Infrastructure & Services Engineer II,"Centennial, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Five plus years of experience in High Speed Data, Voice, IP and Data Networking. Data Center planning and engineering. Diverse knowledge of HVAC dynamics."
279,Amazon.com Services LLC,Senior Software Development Engineer - Big Data,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.6, Enabling Amazon Advertising’s explosive growth requires top talent in our Measurement and Data Science (MADS) organization.
280,Twitter,Software Engineer - Site Reliability Engineer - Data Enterprise & Solutions,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1, You have a B.S. in computer science or similar field or equivalent experience. We are looking for a Site Reliability Engineer to support our Data Enterprise &…
281,Altamira,Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) Specialist,"Schriever AFB, CO",Easy Apply,, Create AI / ML models to run systematic processes on raw data and selecting models that pull the most relevant information from collected data to assist…
282,Pearson,Sr Software Engineer - Machine Learning,"Centennial, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," + Develop scalable data processing pipelines. + Be willing to learn new skills whether they are directly tied to software development, software testing, data…"
283,Leidos,Data Engineer with TS/SCI with Poly,"Aurora, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Support of production data processing and data distribution systems. Work with data providers and customers to ensure data quality and availability.
284,Booz Allen Hamilton,"Data Modeler Intelligence Analyst, Mid","Buckley AFB, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Ability to collaborate with intelligence analysts and collection managers to innovate and develop data science approaches to enable mission operations.
285,CenturyLink,"Lead Operations Analyst-Broomfield, CO-Tulsa, OK","Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," Background in data science preferred. Pulls data from various systems and sources utilizing Microsoft Excel and Access, SQL queries, scripting and data mining…"
286,Charles Schwab,Data Engineer,"Lone Tree, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Designing, building and support data processing pipelines to transform data in Big Data or Teradata platforms. Your detailed duties would include:"
287,Horizontal,Data Scientist,"Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,," Data scientists use data and analytical ability to find and interpret rich data sources; manage large amounts of data despite hardware, software, and bandwidth…"
288,Valen Analytics,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Effectively represent the Data Science group in a collaborative environment to execute on company goals. Data visualization software and tools.
289,Valen Analytics,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Troubleshoot basic data and data engineering issues. Develop technical solutions to improve data and data usage. Perform data cleansing and validation.
290,Ursus,Data Scientist Consultant,"Centennial, CO",Easy Apply,," Bachelors in a quantitative research field (e.g., Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science with focus on AI or Data…"
291,Seen by Indeed,Data Warehouse Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,,
292,Perspecta,Jr. Data Scientist,"Loveland, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3," Strong skills in data manipulation, cleaning and exploratory analysis. Perspecta is currently seeking candidates for a Jr. Data Scientist."
293,Seen by Indeed,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,,
294,Comcast,Senior Data Engineer,"Englewood, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Telecommunications experience Knowledge of Telecommunication/Cable billing, customer care systems, marketing data, customer data and privacy data."
295,HERE Technologies,Lead Software Engineer - Machine Learning,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," M.S. or B.S. degree in computer science or a related discipline. You will be joining the Aggregation team, which supports the creation and update of accurate,…"
296,CenturyLink,"Lead Operations Analyst-Broomfield, CO-Tulsa, OK","Broomfield, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5," Background in data science preferred. Pulls data from various systems and sources utilizing Microsoft Excel and Access, SQL queries, scripting and data mining…"
297,KPMG,"Manager, Big Data Software Engineer","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Shine. Digital Lighthouse houses KPMG's specialized capabilities across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software…"
298,Pearson,Sr Software Engineer - Machine Learning,"Centennial, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8," + Develop scalable data processing pipelines. + Be willing to learn new skills whether they are directly tied to software development, software testing, data…"
299,CACI,Data Engineer (Up to 25% Profit Sharing Benefit!),"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Work with external data providers and stakeholders to engineer the ingest of and distribution of mission-relevant data feeds into the FADE data ecosystem.
300,Altamira,Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) Specialist,"Schriever AFB, CO",Easy Apply,, Create AI / ML models to run systematic processes on raw data and selecting models that pull the most relevant information from collected data to assist…
301,Lena Research Foundation,Principal Algorithm Engineer: Speech Processing and Machine Learning,"Boulder, CO",Easy Apply,," LENA, a social impact technology organization located in Boulder, Colorado, has developed amazing hardware and. We continue to grow and are looking."
302,CenturyLink,Sr Lead Data System Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.5, Understand and support the data architecture with the ability and expertise to develop overall solution to support the architectural direction.
303,"Takeoffs, Inc.",Senior Machine Learning (ML) and Computer Vision (CV) Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,," Build TensorFlow-based data processing, model training and evaluation ML pipelines for research on GCP. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science with an emphasis…"
304,KPMG,"Sr. Associate, Big Data Software Engineer","Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.0," Shine. Digital Lighthouse houses KPMG's specialized capabilities across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software…"
305,SoundHound Inc.,Senior DevOps Engineer - Machine Learning Infrastructure,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,," BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent and 5+ years of experience or MS and 3+ years of experience."
306,Ria Financial,Sr. Web Analyst and Implementation,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Hands-on experience or education in data analytics, reporting, data science or business intelligence. Collaborate with business stakeholders on development…"
307,Global Resource Solutions,Cyber Security Data Scientist,"Colorado Springs, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Develops per customer requirements and designs solutions related to Big Data, Data Governance, and large scale date search and storage."
308,Hewlett Packard Enterprise,Senior Solutions Engineer – Big Data,"Fort Collins, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.7," Knowledge of data streaming technologies a plus. Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent."
309,Ball Aerospace,Senior Electrical Engineer-Spacecraft Command & Data Handling Responsible Engineer (668570),"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Senior Electrical Engineer - Spacecraft Command & Data Handling Responsible Engineer. Track and coordinate delivery and review of subcontract data deliverables.
310,Ball Aerospace,Spacecraft Command and Data Handling (C D H) Engineer II (668273) - Security clearance required,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Engineer II – Spacecraft Command and Data Handling (C&DH). Work within the Command & Data Handling (C&DH) subsystem team to support the definition of…
311,Jacobs,Big Data Systems Design Engineer IRES - SAFB,"Schriever AFB, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Assist Data Analytics Systems Administrators with managing and maintaining the Data Analytics Platform. Experience with big data technologies to include:
312,Leidos,Data Engineer with TS/SCI with Poly,"Aurora, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.8, Support of production data processing and data distribution systems. Work with data providers and customers to ensure data quality and availability.
313,Ball Aerospace,Electrical Engineer II-Spacecraft Command & Data Handling (668562) - Security clearance required,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Electrical Engineer II – Spacecraft Command & Data Handling. This position is for an electrical engineer who can work within the Command & Data Handling (CDH)…
314,Ball Aerospace,Senior Electrical Engineer-Spacecraft Command & Data Handling (666421) - Security clearance required,"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9," Senior Electrical Engineer, Spacecraft Command & Data Handling. This leadership position is for a highly-experienced electrical engineer who can lead the…"
315,Ball Aerospace,Principal Electrical Engineer-Spacecraft Command & Data Handling Responsible Engineer (666071),"Boulder, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.9, Principal Electrical Engineer - Spacecraft Command & Data Handling Responsible Engineer. Track and coordinate delivery and review of subcontract data…
316,LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION,"Electronics Engineer, Command and Data Handling and Power Technical Lead, Mid-Career","Littleton, CO",Not Easy Apply,4.1," Familiarity with Spacecraft Bus Subsystems such as: Avionics, Power, GN&C, Thermal, RF Communications, Data Handling and Management, Telemetry and Commanding,…"
317,"The AEgis Technologies Group, Inc.",Systems Engr/Analyst V,"Colorado Springs, CO",Not Easy Apply,," This includes working with many of the following technologies: data pipelines, data services, operational data stores, data warehouses, data marts, big data…"
318,Seen by Indeed,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Easy Apply,,
319,Valen Analytics,Data Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Troubleshoot basic data and data engineering issues. Develop technical solutions to improve data and data usage. Perform data cleansing and validation.
320,Seen by Indeed,Data Warehouse Engineer,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,,
321,Perspecta,Jr. Data Scientist,"Loveland, CO",Not Easy Apply,3.3," Strong skills in data manipulation, cleaning and exploratory analysis. Perspecta is currently seeking candidates for a Jr. Data Scientist."
322,Valen Analytics,Data Scientist,"Denver, CO",Not Easy Apply,, Effectively represent the Data Science group in a collaborative environment to execute on company goals. Data visualization software and tools.
